[Music]
let that go so well I didn't make glass
stuff was kind of stuck in there because
I don't want to get it out I just wasn't
very prepared and my tongs to grab a
little crucible pick up pour out so I'm
just gonna get my cutting torch yeah
yeah it hit that glass until it melts
again let's see if I get my gold out of
there or not
yeah it's way more intense now that's
the kind of density that will not hold
okay so I cheated and used a cutting
torch I'm hoping the camera will show
the beauty gold down there I can't get
to it glass that form was so thick it
wasn't pour out of the crucible and you
see there's a little bit of gold right
there on the lip just wrote that damn
coat I'm cold that warm there just for a
little bit of the water spilled there's
a little bit of gold all around the
edges of the crucible too but the main
Mead I'd say it looks like I might have
to little tiny beads down in there so
but looks like the main bit of the gold
is down in there and this glass is so
all the way down at the bottom of that
hole actually used the cutting torch to
form that hole the glass was kind of
like plastic with the cutting torch it
never would completely liquefied but I
can move it around with the torch and
punched a hole in it kind of and I think
the solution to that problem is to add
more borax to make the glass melt and
liquefy better
you